report to the loot crate because we
always stick together
stick together report to the loot crate
hi I'm Andre I love black marriage and
it's finally arrived my loot crate this
is the rewind loot crate super excited
about this one because it's about that
old school now for those of you that
don't know loot crate is a monthly geek
subscription service every single month
you get a box like this and a balance
always themed and it's filled with geek
and gamer stuff and if you want to sign
up you can do something loot crate coms
with black nerd comedy I got my own link
just for you but in the meantime let's
see what's in the box my loot crate so
like I said the theme of this loot crate
is rewind kids that is a cassette tape
music used to play off of that this is
what your mp3 file used to look like you
used to carry it around and play in a
Walkman a Walkman is there's an article
about the original idiot and what about
Voltron defender online let's see what's
in the box oh we got a new shirt oh
sweet oh this is good this is from
flophouse Oh which I'm wearing a flat
out shirt right now look at that double
flop house it's a Voltron t-shirt you
know what I got to do got to put it on
you know look see an Alf form the shirt
I totally want one of these but with
Megazord the only I worry about but
we're in this shirts I feel like five
more Voltron pieces are gonna start
attaching themselves to pee
I am nerd Ron oh you gotta love some
pixelated glasses means these glasses I
can't see it looks like this crate is
all the loot I'll do it to Wayne Wayne
black-tie geek ooh let's see what's
inside of here we get more clothes oh
wow look at that that's high it's an
exclusive retro skinny tie and this is
an exclusive loot crate flop house shirt
let me put them all together let's see
if I can tie it
oh look at this I got my tie my shirt my
glasses I think someone just found
themselves their new tinder photo swipe
me right ladies whoa where you going
where you going it's a comic notebook
you can take some notes but as you'll
see the notes can be taken in comic book
forms you can actually make your own
comic book here you go
you even have stencils so you can draw
all the different types of dialogue
bubbles can make my own black nerd comic
book wouldn't that be amazing if there
were a black nerd comic book I mean if I
made one I'd buy one I'll have to tell
you guys in a video one day about my
comic book fan fiction I used to make my
own comic books when I was a kid and
some of the ideas I came up with pretty
silly I was gonna say is Power Rangers
meets Muppet Babies looks like we got
something oh this is cool we got a loot
crate exclusive fake Nintendo game it
looks like a NES cartridge but it's
artwork jindo figurines parody game like
this is Doctor Who but it looks like dr.
Mario I get to dr. mario reference parts
all right guys I just I haven't gotten
into the who I'm not a Whovian I watched
dr. what it's the black version it's on
BET's seriously look it up
Little John stars in it dr. white and
his companions names and instead of the
Daleks they have a pitbull at the Dallas
Oh lookie he has like little arms and
legs I can put on them too constructing
you even has a little zapper as a weapon
constructing you get MS legs you got
legs and there is oh well there's only
one other thing in here it's not that
big of a deal it's just to get the case
you haven't heard
Marvel all my Disney is now putting out
Star Wars comics the Star Wars also
owned by Disney this is the very first
one and it's a loot crate exclusive
variant cover as well so
nothing but stones and man Harrison Ford
you haven't aged a bit pulling the gun
they're wonderful shoot first so that's
everything that didn't oh wait a second
here oh my box are sitting in a
transformer Oh put this month's box it
you fold it if you fold it right your
loot crate box get it your loot crate
box no your loot crate box becomes your
very own it loot crate Nintendo
Entertainment System yes if you fold the
box inside out on your loot crate box
this month becomes a NES don't actually
plug anything in this it's not gonna
work it's not emulator sorry 88 miles
per hour
Radu look Ninja Turtle reference yeah
yeah I got slime can't do that on
television Nickelodeon old-school
reference that's a really awesome thing
I love that a loot crate idiots and the
back of you loot crate manual is a
controller and this actually pops out
look look what what what what what there
you go I got a controller and an NES
loot crate style if this was real like I
plug this into my computer I could use
it for my twitch stream twitch.tv slash
black nerd comedy just saying that
exists in case anyone didn't know that
this definitely takes me back thank you
so much news creep if you want to get
boxes like these leak rate coms with
black nerd comedy and guess what use the
promo code save three you save three
bucks off and see how I do you so play
cousins let me know in the comments what
you thought was the most awesome loot
crate items this month and you rewind
what is your favorite television show
movie or toy from your childhood ease
the 90s the 70s the 60s don't let me go
back any further thumbs up this video
and if you're new here tickle that
subscribe button I love you like a play
cousin I'm 5000 chain chomp Yeow